# mantle.lib - the C# library for the Mantle API

Most endpoints require authentication with an API key.  You must first authenticate with your account by logging in your account on app.mantle.services. Then, you will need to navigate to the \"My API Key\" page in the Administration section. You might need to have the user administrator of your organization generate you an API Key first.  You must then use this API Key in all your requests with the following header:  [ x-api-key: API_KEY ].

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v1
- SDK version: 1.1.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.CSharpClientCodegen

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported
- .NET Core >=1.0
- .NET Framework >=4.6
- Mono/Xamarin >=vNext
- UWP >=10.0

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies
- FubarCoder.RestSharp.Portable.Core >=4.0.7
- FubarCoder.RestSharp.Portable.HttpClient >=4.0.7
- Newtonsoft.Json >=10.0.3

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Generate the DLL using your preferred tool

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using mantle.lib.Api;
using mantle.lib.Client;
using mantle.lib.Model;
```
<a name="getting-started"></a>
## Getting Started

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using mantle.lib.Api;
using mantle.lib.Client;
using mantle.lib.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public void main()
        {

            var apiInstance = new ApiKeysApi();

            try
            {
                // Get all of the users that have a generated API key and their details. Requires the User Admin Role.
                List<AnonymousApiKeyResponse> result = apiInstance.ApiKeysAllGet();
                Debug.WriteLine(result);
            }
            catch (Exception e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling ApiKeysApi.ApiKeysAllGet: " + e.Message );
            }

        }
    }
}
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://dev.api.mantle.services*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ApiKeysApi* | [**ApiKeysAllGet**](docs/ApiKeysApi.md#apikeysallget) | **GET** /apikeys/all | Get all of the users that have a generated API key and their details. Requires the User Admin Role.
*ApiKeysApi* | [**ApiKeysByUserIdDelete**](docs/ApiKeysApi.md#apikeysbyuseriddelete) | **DELETE** /apikeys/{userId} | Delete the API key for a specific user. Requires the User Admin Role.
*ApiKeysApi* | [**ApiKeysGet**](docs/ApiKeysApi.md#apikeysget) | **GET** /apikeys | Get the API key for the currently authenticated user. Will return null if no API key has been generated for your account.
*ApiKeysApi* | [**ApiKeysPost**](docs/ApiKeysApi.md#apikeyspost) | **POST** /apikeys | Create an API key for a specific user. Requires the User Admin Role.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**AuthenticationForgotpasswordConfirmationPost**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#authenticationforgotpasswordconfirmationpost) | **POST** /authentication/forgotpassword/confirmation | Confirm your password reset using the code that has been sent to the email address that was specified in the invitation. This step is required before you can use your new password.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**AuthenticationForgotpasswordPost**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#authenticationforgotpasswordpost) | **POST** /authentication/forgotpassword | Send an email to the user's email address with the reset password instructions.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**AuthenticationLoginPost**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#authenticationloginpost) | **POST** /authentication/login | Login a user with a username and password. The returned access token can be used to perform requests on the platform
*AuthenticationApi* | [**AuthenticationLogoutPost**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#authenticationlogoutpost) | **POST** /authentication/logout | Logout a user. You must be logged in to perform this action. This will also delete the current access-token and a new one will be generated on the next login.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**AuthenticationSignupConfirmationPost**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#authenticationsignupconfirmationpost) | **POST** /authentication/signup/confirmation | Confirm your account using the code that has been sent to the email address that was specified in the invitation. This step is required before you first log in.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**AuthenticationSignupPost**](docs/AuthenticationApi.md#authenticationsignuppost) | **POST** /authentication/signup | Sign up a user with an invitation. You shouldn't be authentified for this request as it's meant to create an account
*BillingApi* | [**BillsGet**](docs/BillingApi.md#billsget) | **GET** /bills | Get all bills that have been generated for the client linked to the authentified user. Requires the Billing Role.
*InvitationsApi* | [**InvitationsByInvitationIdDelete**](docs/InvitationsApi.md#invitationsbyinvitationiddelete) | **DELETE** /invitations/{invitationId} | Delete a specific invitation. The invited user won't be able to join the platform anymore. An invitation can be created with the same email again. Requires the User Admin Role.
*InvitationsApi* | [**InvitationsByInvitationIdGet**](docs/InvitationsApi.md#invitationsbyinvitationidget) | **GET** /invitations/{invitationId} | Get an invitation's details
*InvitationsApi* | [**InvitationsGet**](docs/InvitationsApi.md#invitationsget) | **GET** /invitations | Get all of the invitations that have been sent for the current client. Requires the User Admin Role.
*InvitationsApi* | [**InvitationsPost**](docs/InvitationsApi.md#invitationspost) | **POST** /invitations | Create an invitation so that a user can join the platform. The entered email will be used to confirm the user's entity. An invitation email will also be sent. Requires the User Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFilesByFileIdDelete**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfilesbyfileiddelete) | **DELETE** /keeper/files/{fileId} | [FILES] Delete a file from Keeper. Its fingerprint will stay in the blockchain, but we won't show it to you anymore. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFilesByFileIdGet**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfilesbyfileidget) | **GET** /keeper/files/{fileId} | [FILES] Get a file's details. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFilesDiffPost**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfilesdiffpost) | **POST** /keeper/files/diff | [FILES] Compare a local file to the original version of a file that's been stored in the blockchain. We will compare their fingerprint against each other to find the differences.  The GenerateDiffFile property is false by default, and if it is set to true and the file to compare's type is either Text, JSON or an image, then a file highlighting the differences will be generated.  Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFilesDiffWithLatestPost**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfilesdiffwithlatestpost) | **POST** /keeper/files/diffwithlatest | [FILES] Compare a local file to the latest version of a file that's been stored in the blockchain. We will compare their fingerprint against each other to find the differences.  The GenerateDiffFile property is false by default, and if it is set to true and the file to compare's type is either Text, JSON or an image, then a file highlighting the differences will be generated.  Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFilesExistPost**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfilesexistpost) | **POST** /keeper/files/exist | [FILES] Check if a file already exists in Keeper. We will verify if we have the fingerprint of the file you sent. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFilesGet**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfilesget) | **GET** /keeper/files | [FILES] Get all the files stored in Keeper. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFilesPost**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfilespost) | **POST** /keeper/files | [FILES] Add a file to Keeper. This will create a cryptographic representation of the file and store its fingerprint in the blockchain. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFoldersByFolderIdDelete**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfoldersbyfolderiddelete) | **DELETE** /keeper/folders/{folderId} | [FOLDERS] Delete a folder in Keeper. This will also delete all the files it contains. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFoldersByFolderIdGet**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfoldersbyfolderidget) | **GET** /keeper/folders/{folderId} | [FOLDERS] Get a specific folder's details. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFoldersGet**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfoldersget) | **GET** /keeper/folders | [FOLDERS] Get all folders that have been created in Keeper. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperFoldersPost**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperfolderspost) | **POST** /keeper/folders | [FOLDERS] Create a folder in Keeper. This is necessary to add files in Keeper. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperVersionsByFileIdGet**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperversionsbyfileidget) | **GET** /keeper/versions/{fileId} | [VERSIONS] Get all the versions' details for a specific file. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperVersionsDiffPost**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperversionsdiffpost) | **POST** /keeper/versions/diff | [VERSIONS] Compare a local file to a specific version of a file that's been stored in the blockchain. We will compare their fingerprint against each other to find the differences.  The GenerateDiffFile property is false by default, and if it is set to true and the file to compare's type is either Text, JSON or an image, then a file highlighting the differences will be generated.  Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*KeeperApi* | [**KeeperVersionsPost**](docs/KeeperApi.md#keeperversionspost) | **POST** /keeper/versions | [VERSIONS] Create a version for an existing file. This new version will also have its fingerprint stored in the blockchain. Requires the Keeper Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsByAssetIdDelete**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetsbyassetiddelete) | **DELETE** /tracker/assets/{assetId} | [ASSETS] Delete an asset that has been previously created. It won't be issuable and transferable anymore, but all transactions made in the past with this asset will still be visible. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsByAssetIdGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetsbyassetidget) | **GET** /tracker/assets/{assetId} | [ASSETS] Get a specific asset's details. Requires the Track Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsByAssetIdPut**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetsbyassetidput) | **PUT** /tracker/assets/{assetId} | [ASSETS] Edit an asset that has previously been created. Only the name can be changed. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetsget) | **GET** /tracker/assets | [ASSETS] Get all of the assets that have been created in Tracker. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsIssuePost**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetsissuepost) | **POST** /tracker/assets/issue | [ASSETS] Issue a certain amount of asset to a recipient. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsIssuedbatchesByAssetIdByBatchIdGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetsissuedbatchesbyassetidbybatchidget) | **GET** /tracker/assets/issuedbatches/{assetId}/{batchId} | [ASSETS] Get all issued batches for an asset. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsIssuedbatchesByAssetIdGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetsissuedbatchesbyassetidget) | **GET** /tracker/assets/issuedbatches/{assetId} | [ASSETS] Get all issued batches for an asset. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerAssetsPost**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerassetspost) | **POST** /tracker/assets | [ASSETS] Creates an asset in Tracker. This asset will then be issuable and transferable between entities. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerStatsGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerstatsget) | **GET** /tracker/stats | [STATS] Get 3 statistics regarding the usage of Tracker in the last 24 hours. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerTransactionsGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackertransactionsget) | **GET** /tracker/transactions | [TRANSACTIONS] Get all of the latest transactions that have been performed in Tracker. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerTransactionsReversePost**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackertransactionsreversepost) | **POST** /tracker/transactions/reverse | [TRANSACTIONS] Revert a transaction. This operation will refund the amounts that have been sent from a user to another by creating a new transaction. Requires the Tracker Admin Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerWalletBatchesTransferPost**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerwalletbatchestransferpost) | **POST** /tracker/wallet/batches/transfer | [WALLET] Create a transfer between yourself and another user from one of your specific batches. Requires the Tracker Admin Role or Tracker User Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerWalletDetailedbalancesGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerwalletdetailedbalancesget) | **GET** /tracker/wallet/detailedbalances | [WALLET] Get all of the logged user's asset balances for a specific main coin. Requires the Tracker Admin Role or Tracker User Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerWalletTransactionsByAssetIdGet**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerwallettransactionsbyassetidget) | **GET** /tracker/wallet/transactions/{assetId} | [WALLET] Get all transactions for a specific asset. Requires the Tracker Admin Role or Tracker User Role.
*TrackerApi* | [**TrackerWalletTransferPost**](docs/TrackerApi.md#trackerwallettransferpost) | **POST** /tracker/wallet/transfer | [WALLET] Create a transfer between yourself and another user. Requires the Tracker Admin Role or Tracker User Role.
*UsersApi* | [**UsersByUserIdGet**](docs/UsersApi.md#usersbyuseridget) | **GET** /users/{userId} | Get a specific user's details and roles. Requires the User Admin Role.
*UsersApi* | [**UsersByUserIdPut**](docs/UsersApi.md#usersbyuseridput) | **PUT** /users/{userId} | Edit a user's details. If their roles are changed, it will also delete their access token and they will need to login again next time. Requires the User Admin Role.
*UsersApi* | [**UsersDisableByUserIdPut**](docs/UsersApi.md#usersdisablebyuseridput) | **PUT** /users/disable/{userId} | Disable a specific user. This will prevent this user from accessing the platform and will delete their API key if they had one. Requires the User Admin Role.
*UsersApi* | [**UsersEnableByUserIdPut**](docs/UsersApi.md#usersenablebyuseridput) | **PUT** /users/enable/{userId} | Enable a specific user that has been disabled previously. This will let this user access the platform again. If the user needs an API key, it will need to be regenerated. Requires the User Admin Role.
*UsersApi* | [**UsersGet**](docs/UsersApi.md#usersget) | **GET** /users | Get all of the users for the authenticated user's client. Requires the User Admin Role.
*UsersApi* | [**UsersSelfRolesGet**](docs/UsersApi.md#usersselfrolesget) | **GET** /users/self/roles | Get all of the available assignable roles. Requires the User Admin Role.


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [Model.AnonymousApiKeyResponse](docs/AnonymousApiKeyResponse.md)
 - [Model.AssetTransaction](docs/AssetTransaction.md)
 - [Model.Batch](docs/Batch.md)
 - [Model.Bill](docs/Bill.md)
 - [Model.BreadcrumbingCompareResponse](docs/BreadcrumbingCompareResponse.md)
 - [Model.CreateApiKeyRequest](docs/CreateApiKeyRequest.md)
 - [Model.DetailedAssetBalance](docs/DetailedAssetBalance.md)
 - [Model.EditUserRequest](docs/EditUserRequest.md)
 - [Model.IFormFile](docs/IFormFile.md)
 - [Model.Invitation](docs/Invitation.md)
 - [Model.InvitationCreateRequest](docs/InvitationCreateRequest.md)
 - [Model.InvitationSignUpResponse](docs/InvitationSignUpResponse.md)
 - [Model.IssuedBatchTransactionsResponse](docs/IssuedBatchTransactionsResponse.md)
 - [Model.IssuedBatchesResponse](docs/IssuedBatchesResponse.md)
 - [Model.KeeperFile](docs/KeeperFile.md)
 - [Model.KeeperFileVersion](docs/KeeperFileVersion.md)
 - [Model.KeeperFolder](docs/KeeperFolder.md)
 - [Model.KeeperFolderCreateRequest](docs/KeeperFolderCreateRequest.md)
 - [Model.ProductUser](docs/ProductUser.md)
 - [Model.SignUpUserRequest](docs/SignUpUserRequest.md)
 - [Model.TrackerAsset](docs/TrackerAsset.md)
 - [Model.TrackerAssetCreateRequest](docs/TrackerAssetCreateRequest.md)
 - [Model.TrackerAssetIssueRequest](docs/TrackerAssetIssueRequest.md)
 - [Model.TrackerBatchTransferRequest](docs/TrackerBatchTransferRequest.md)
 - [Model.TrackerStatsResponse](docs/TrackerStatsResponse.md)
 - [Model.TrackerTransactionRevertRequest](docs/TrackerTransactionRevertRequest.md)
 - [Model.TrackerTransferRequest](docs/TrackerTransferRequest.md)
 - [Model.UserForgotPasswordConfirmationRequest](docs/UserForgotPasswordConfirmationRequest.md)
 - [Model.UserForgotPasswordRequest](docs/UserForgotPasswordRequest.md)
 - [Model.UserLoginRequest](docs/UserLoginRequest.md)
 - [Model.UserLoginResponse](docs/UserLoginResponse.md)
 - [Model.UserSignUpConfirmationRequest](docs/UserSignUpConfirmationRequest.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
